hi everyone my name is Heather and I'm
the person behind
pulse and today I wanted to share with
you guys another sheshe or display board
origami project that you can do just
taking some fun paper that you might
have around the house and combining that
with a traditional crane origami now
ASCII she's just like I said it's a
design board that we use in Japan for
calligraphy and artwork paintings and of
course origami as well it's a lot like
matte board it's just a really thick
strong cup of board and it's usually
white I've put some washi or a really
nice origami paper over the top here
this is always a great way to use paper
that you have that you don't want to
necessarily fold because so pretty it's
a nice way to kind of show off something
that you might have that's a special
piece and this is a standard sized kishi
kishi and the paper that I bought is a
standard size paper and it was just a
little bit longer and a tiny bit wider
than this board so if you get your hands
on some some paper like that it will
work really nice for this kind of a
project and then what I'm going to do
today is just make a really nice
celebratory kind of image cranes are a
really common image of course in Japan
we use them for when we're celebrating
pretty much everything um weddings the
birth of a baby the new year I really
you see it throughout everywhere so it's
pretty been calm it's been really common
of course because we just celebrated new
years and now we have hina matsuri
coming and March which is a great time
to have all the beautiful hina dolls out
and you see lots of these kinds of
images of cranes and things to celebrate
a little girl and then also we have kids
day in May and that's when all kids but
mostly boys are celebrated during that
time so it's just a really common image
and I thought what the heck we should do
this while we have a chance and kind of
celebrate it a little bit so I just used
that really nice red which is really
good celebratory image and then I had
some really pretty paper that I had gone
actually it's kind of random but it it
was a made by prison people so kind of
cool right
I'm n sold as part of kind of as sort of
like an alternative to making license
plates right it's just a really pretty
paper has nice little flecks of gold and
silver in it and i think i've done an
unboxing of this before but it comes in
lots of colors there's this pale blue
yellow pink and green and then at the
very end is white and i just thought
with the white bits of color in the
background of this paper making the
white cranes would look really pretty
and then i'm going to make this kind of
3d where I just sort of glue down just
the top most wing and you get your
finished crane and normally you'd you
know poof things out and you know curl
the wings down but I'm just going to
keep things kind of geometric and keep
things like this where I can kind of
have a tap a little place I can tack
this down and keep the three birds now
the paper itself start off being about
12 and a half by 12 and a half and i
just made three that were slightly
different in size this one's this
straight up 12 and a half by 12 and a
half and this one's about 12 by 12 and
then this is 11 and a half by eleven and
a half so you kind of get like a little
family of birds here and this could be a
great gift to a family you can have as
many cranes as there are in a family for
example just to tell them you know
congratulations to moving to a new house
or something like that it's always a fun
thing to do like that so I'm just going
to kind of randomly glue these down here
and then you're pretty much done i'll
have a link to remind you guys if you
don't know how to make the crane then
you'll know to go back to that to kind
of refresh your memory but you certainly
could flatten everything out and keep it
all glued down onto the board if that's
your preference I kind of like having
things 3d where stuff kind of pops off
of the board I think that always looks
cool so I'm just going to the trouble
with this kind of paper it's not really
a trouble but um I can't really put my
stamp or my signature on it because
there's not really any place where I'll
show up so I just leave it kind of to be
this little pretty sort of image instead
here
but when you're finished you might get
something that kind of looks like this
which is just a nice way to kind of
showcase a traditional crane on some
really pretty paper if you happen to
have some wrapping paper can work great
too you don't have to have fancy origami
paper always necessarily I think it
looks super pretty if you have like a
really pretty wedding paper that we sell
in the States for gift wrapping wedding
gifts and and then put some of these and
just lots of different shades and kind
of colors of white couldn't look really
pretty so and that's a great congratula
tory thing the cranes are perfect image
of that for wishing for a happy marriage
too so just lots of ideas and I hope to
have some more fun things like this to
share with you guys in the future thank
you again always so much for watching
and I'll see you next time
you